Although this is a shorter module, we went over a couple of advanced techniques.
We went over interceptors, and we implemented internationalization
inside of our application using some resource bundles,
specifically a Message.Properties properties file and the
according file for the Spanish translation.
And then we went ahead and implemented a post‑redirect‑get
pattern, a PRG, inside our controller using the redirect
preappend to the page we want of view.
Both of these are great solutions to complex problems that you'll often face
inside of your application, and they don't just work for JSPs.
You could actually implement these same things if you're using Thymeleaf or any other view technology integrated with Spring MVC.